.TH "backend::DictProperty" 3 "14 Jul 2010" "Version 0.1" "RedHen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
backend::DictProperty \- 
.PP
Store a dictionary object in the Google Data Store.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget_value_for_datastore\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISerialize the dictionary for storage in the database. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBmake_value_from_datastore\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUnserialize a dictionary retrieved from the database. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdefault_value\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the default value for the property. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBvalidate\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICheck if the value is actually a dictionary. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBempty\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICheck if the dictionary is empty. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdata_type\fP = dict"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Store a dictionary object in the Google Data Store. 

.PP
.nf
Store a dictionary object in the Google Data Store..fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file backend.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def default_value ( self)"
.PP
Get the default value for the property. .PP
.nf
Get the default value for the property..fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 188 of file backend.py.
.SS "def empty ( self,  value)"
.PP
Check if the dictionary is empty. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP Dictionary to be checked 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True for empty, false for not empty
.PP
.nf
Check if the value is empty.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 208 of file backend.py.
.SS "def get_value_for_datastore ( self,  model_instance)"
.PP
Serialize the dictionary for storage in the database. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImodel_instance\fP An instance of this class 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
String with the serialized dictionary
.PP
.nf
Use pickle to serialize a dictionary for database storage.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 172 of file backend.py.
.SS "def make_value_from_datastore ( self,  value)"
.PP
Unserialize a dictionary retrieved from the database. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP String with the serialized dictionary 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Dictionary (dict) with the unserialized value
.PP
.nf
Use pickle to deserialize a dictionary from the database.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 180 of file backend.py.
.SS "def validate ( self,  value)"
.PP
Check if the value is actually a dictionary. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP Value to be validated 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True for valid, false for invalid
.PP
.nf
Check if the value is actually a dictionary.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 198 of file backend.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBdata_type\fP = dict\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 167 of file backend.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RedHen from the source code.
