.TH "backend" 3 "14 Jul 2010" "Version 0.1" "RedHen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
backend \- 
.PP
Provide functions for identifying a spectrum for an unknown substance using various methods of database searching.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSpectrum\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStore a spectrum and its related data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBDictProperty\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStore a dictionary object in the Google Data Store. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGenericListProperty\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStore a list object in the Google Data Store. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMatcher\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStore data necessary for sorting spectra in a searchable manner. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsearch\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISearch for a spectrum. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBadd\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd a new spectrum to the database. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Provide functions for identifying a spectrum for an unknown substance using various methods of database searching. 

.PP
.nf
Provide functions for identifying a spectrum for an unknown substance using
various methods of database searching..fi
.PP
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
The Cooper Union for the Advancement of the Science and the Arts  http://opensource.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.html GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0  Copyright (c) 2010, Cooper Union (Some Right Reserved) 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def backend::add ( file_obj)"
.PP
Add a new spectrum to the database. Parse the given file and create a \fBSpectrum\fP object for it. If the \fBMatcher\fP object does not yet exist, create it. Then store the spectrum in the database and add any necessary sorting data to the \fBMatcher\fP object.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfile\fP File descriptor for the spectrum
.PP
.nf
Add a new spectrum to the database from a given file descriptor.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file backend.py.
.SS "def backend::search ( file_obj)"
.PP
Search for a spectrum. Parse the given file and create a \fBSpectrum\fP object for it. Use the \fBMatcher\fP object to find candidates for similar spectra in the database and compare all candidates to the original spectrum using linear comparison algorithms.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfile\fP File descriptor for the spectrum 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
List of \fBSpectrum\fP objects
.PP
.nf
Search for a spectrum based on a given file descriptor.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file backend.py.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RedHen from the source code.
