.TH "uploader::SpectrumTransfer" 3 "15 Jul 2010" "Version 0.1" "RedHen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
uploader::SpectrumTransfer \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBparse_file\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIParse a string of JCAMP file data and extract all needed data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget_field\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGet a specific data label from the file. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcontents\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBxy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdata\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchemical_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchemical_name\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBchemical_name\fP = ''"
.br
.RI "\fIThe chemical name associated with the spectrum. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBchemical_type\fP = ''"
.br
.RI "\fIThe chemical type of the substance the spectrum represents. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBdata\fP = []"
.br
.RI "\fIA list of integrated X,Y points for the spectrum's graph. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
Store a spectrum, its related data, and any algorithms necessary
to compare the spectrum to the DataStore..fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file uploader.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def get_field ( self,  name)"
.PP
Get a specific data label from the file. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP Name of the data label to retrieve 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value of the data label
.PP
.nf
Get a specific data label from the file.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 148 of file uploader.py.
.SS "def parse_file ( self,  file_obj)"
.PP
Parse a string of JCAMP file data and extract all needed data. Search a JCAMP file for the chemical's name, type, and spectrum data. Then integrate the X, Y data and store alGet a specific data label from the file.l variables in the object. 
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
Does not handle Windows-format line breaks.
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfile_obj\fP File descriptor for the JCAMP file.
.PP
.nf
Parse a string of JCAMP file data and extract all needed data.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 89 of file uploader.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBchemical_name\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 142 of file uploader.py.
.SS "string \fBchemical_name\fP = ''\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
The chemical name associated with the spectrum. 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file uploader.py.
.SS "\fBchemical_type\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file uploader.py.
.SS "string \fBchemical_type\fP = ''\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
The chemical type of the substance the spectrum represents. 
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file uploader.py.
.SS "\fBcontents\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file uploader.py.
.SS "\fBdata\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 115 of file uploader.py.
.SS "list \fBdata\fP = []\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
A list of integrated X,Y points for the spectrum's graph. 
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file uploader.py.
.SS "\fBtype\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file uploader.py.
.SS "\fBxy\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file uploader.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RedHen from the source code.
